coordinator - collect - required_documents_from_bank

coordinator - create lead - format, details, collected documents
	   - assigns task to TEs and VEs
	   - edit assignees
	   - edit lead details
TE - CRUD - visit forms

VE - CRUD - valuation report
	! not mark as "Report Completed"

QNA
1. Where actually report cancelled lies in flowchart?
2. Based on the format selected by the coordinator, specific fields will be shown to the TE and VE, and the report template will align with the selected format.
	- does it means that only spcific fields of lead form is visible differently for VE and TE
3. Coordinators have access to all report requests initiated by all Coordinators, VEs, and PEs but do not have access to payment details.
	- access of what (read/write/all), can they see visit details & valuation details by VE
4. Coordinators, VEs, and PEs can create duplicate entries from existing reports, and existing data should remain intact when assigning visits.

Roles and actions

Bank manager - 1. Report request for site (w/ some details)
			   2. Approves final report or reject 
			   Q. rejects then what (in flowchart)

coordinator - 1. All report request, Lead details
			  2. Edit assignees
			  3. not view payment details

TE - site visit notification
	 submit visit form

VE - accept/reject visit form
	 submit valuation form 
	 generate report
	 mark for review

PE - review marked reports (accept / reject)

	 



1. Bank Contact Person Name (CHAR)
2. Bank Contact Person Number (char ['+91 95103-34322'])
3. Property Contact Person Name (CHAR)
4. Property Contact Person Number (CHAR)
5. Documents (Attachments)
6. Additional Comments
7. Due Date for Visit
8. Name Field Title & Name 
9. Name of Intended Purchaser 
10. Location of the Property
11. Name & Address of Branch
12. Name of Customer (s)/ Borrowal unit 
13 .1 Customer Details
      Name 
      Application No. 
14. 2 Property Details
    Address

	 "Report Request Submitted, Visit Assigned, Visit Completed, Visit Approved,
Visit Reassigned, Report Generated, Report in Progress, Report Completed,
Report Submitted, Report Approved, Complete, Report Reassigned."
payment status as one of, "Pending, Received, Delayed, Cancelled."

Filters:
Newest|Oldest
status
